updated documentation about draft in node.js (#310)
cap-js/docs: node.js/fiori.md

  }
}
```
### Handlers Registration { #draftevents}

Class `ApplicationService` provides built-in support for Fiori Draft. All CRUD events are supported for both, active and draft entities. 

> Please note, that `CREATE` and `UPDATE` events for an active entity are not the same as in the case of a nondraft implementation. You can find more details about these events below. 

Reviewer: What do you mean with that? Can you provide an example?

Author: I remember issues, where it wasn't clear for stakeholders, that direct actions on an active entity are not possible, for example CREATE on MyEntity will not be triggered if no draft exists. I can remove it, if the description is so unclear

The examples are provided for `on` handlers, but of course the same is true for `before` and `after` handlers.  

  ```js
    // only active entities
    srv.on(['CREATE', 'READ', 'UPDATE', 'DELETE'], 'MyEntity', /*...*/)
    // only draft entities
    srv.on(['CREATE', 'READ', 'UPDATE', 'DELETE'], 'MyEntity.drafts', /*...*/)
    // bound action/function on active entity
    srv.on('boundActionOrFunction', 'MyEntity', /*...*/)
    // bound action/function on draft entity
    srv.on('boundActionOrFunction', 'MyEntity.drafts', /*...*/)
  ```

It is also possible to use the array variant to register a handler for both entities, for example: `srv.on('boundActionOrFunction', ['MyEntity', 'MyEntity.drafts'], /*...*/)`.

Additionally, you can add your logic to the draft specific events as follows:

  ```js

>     // creates new empty draft
>     srv.on('NEW', 'MyEntity.drafts', /*...*/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // When a new draft is created
    srv.on('NEW', 'MyEntity.drafts', /*...*/)
```

>     // cancels draft
>     srv.on('CANCEL', 'MyEntity.drafts', /*...*/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // When a draft is discarded
    srv.on('CANCEL', 'MyEntity.drafts', /*...*/)
```

>     // creates new draft from existing active entity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // When a new draft is created from an active instance
```

    srv.on('EDIT', 'MyEntity', /*...*/)

>     srv.on('SAVE', 'MyEntity', /*...*/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // When the active entity is changed
    srv.on('SAVE', 'MyEntity', /*...*/)
```

  ```

- The `CANCEL` event is triggered when you cancel the draft. In this case, the draft entity is deleted and the active entity is not changed.
- The `EDIT` event is triggered when you start editing an active entity. As a result `MyEntity.drafts` is created. 

> - The `SAVE` event is a shortcut for `['UPDATE', 'CREATE']` on an active entity. This event is triggered when you press `SAVE` button in UI after finishing editing your draft. Please note, that composition children of the active entity will also be updated or created. The `SAVE` event also means that `MyEntity.drafts` is deleted and all changes are written into `MyEntity`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `SAVE` event is just a shortcut for `['UPDATE', 'CREATE']`. This event is also triggered when you press the `SAVE` button in UI after finishing editing your draft. Please note, that composition children of the active entity will also be updated or created.
```

> Please note, that composition children of the active entity will also be updated or created.

Not sure why this is mentioned, is this important?

Author: I wanted to explain a life cycle of a draft entity. `SAVE` event is registered on an active entity, so maybe it's not completely transparent that draft is deleted afterwards and for example in an `srv.after('SAVE', 'MyEntity', /*...*/)` one can't access  `MyEntity.drafts` anymore.

### Differences to Previous Version

- Draft-enabled entities have corresponding CSN entities for drafts:

    ```js
    const { MyEntity } = srv.entities
    MyEntity.drafts // points to model.definitions['MyEntity.drafts']
    ```

    ::: info Compatibility flag
    For compatibility to previous variants, set `cds.fiori.draft_compat` to `true`.

>     :::

Reviewer: That should be below the handler registration section.

- Draft-related properties (with the exception of `IsActiveEntity`) are only computed for the target entity, not for expanded sub entities since this is not required by Fiori Elements.
- Manual filtering on draft-related properties is not allowed, only certain draft scenarios are supported.

> ## Draft Locks

Reviewer: Maybe move that section up so that `Difference to Previous Version` is at the bottom.
